derive precision for numbertypes from the finite part of the range when possible (#1058)
IETS3/iets3.opensource: CHANGELOG.md

Format of the log is _loosely_ based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).
The project does _not_ follow Semantic Versioning and the changes are documented in reverse chronological order, grouped by calendar month.

# September 2024

### Fixes

> - Then precision for number types is now derived from the infinite parts of the range when possible.

Reviewer: Also, it would be worth mentioning what the precision of `number[-inf|inf]` is going to be now. Is it 0 or also "infinite" (defined as 15)?

> - Then precision for number types is now derived from the infinite parts of the range when possible.

Author: I also mentioned it in the changelog but kept the old precision of 0.

> - Then precision for number types is now only derived from the finite bounds of the range. The precision of number[-∞|∞] is -1.

Reviewer: I've checked now and it's actually 0 (see the implementation of `precision()`) but it matches the precision of `number`:
```suggestion
- Then precision for number types is now only derived from the finite bounds of the range. The precision of `number[-∞|∞]` is the same as of `number` which is 0.
```
